Update create service article for new flow (#1795)
aiven/devportal: docs/platform/howto/create_new_service.rst

﻿Create a new service
====================

Follow these steps to create a new service in the `Aiven Console <https://console.aiven.io/>`_.  You can also :ref:`create a service using the Aiven CLI <avn-cli-service-create>`.

#. In the project you want to create a service in, go to **Services**.

#. On the **Current services** page, click **Create service**.

#. Select the service that you want to create.

> #. Select the cloud provider and region that you want to run your service on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select the cloud provider and region on which you want to run your service.
```

   .. note:: 
	   The pricing for the same service may vary between different providers and regions. The service summary shows you the pricing for your selected options.

#. Select a service plan. This determines the number of servers and what kind of memory, CPU, and disk resources are allocated to your service.

> #. Add :doc:`disk storage <../concepts/dynamic-disk-sizing>` for your service by using the slider, if needed. The cost for the additional storage in the service summary section.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add :doc:`disk storage <../concepts/dynamic-disk-sizing>` for your service using the slider, if needed. You can view the cost for the additional storage in the service summary section.
```

Reviewer: Keeping the original text, I think this line, "The cost for the additional storage in the service summary section." doesn't quite make sense and is missing a verb (subject-verb agreement).
